Google sheets docs added example, details (#121)
segmentstream-com/segmentstream-com.github.io: _docs/datasources/google sheets.md

  <li><a href="#column-types">Column types</a></li>
  <li><a href="#destination-table-name">Destination table name</a></li>
  <li><a href="#saving-disconnecting-disabling">Saving, Disconnecting, Disabling data source</a></li>
  <li><a href="#example">Google Sheets data source setup example</a></li>
</ul>

### <a name="importing-data"></a>Importing data from Google Sheets
------

After enabling this data source, data from Google Sheets will be uploaded to BigQuery once every 24 hours.

### <a name="data-requirements"></a>⚠️ Data requirements:
------

> - You can only import data formatted as simple table. That means that chosen range should have at least two rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can only import data formatted as a simple table. That means that the chosen range should have at least two rows:
```

> - You can only import data formatted as simple table. That means that chosen range should have at least two rows:

Reviewer 2: > You can only import data formatted as simple table. That means that chosen range should have at least two rows

Maybe it means that customer should not use pivot tables?

one header row and one or more data rows.

> - First non-empty row in the range would be considered header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First non-empty row in the range will be considered a header.
```

> - First non-empty row in the range would be considered header.

Reviewer 2: > First non-empty row in the range would be considered header

Did you test it case?

> - All subsequent rows will be considered data rows. Table end is detected by the first empty row after data rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All subsequent rows will be considered as data rows. Table end is detected by the first empty row after the data rows.
```

> - All subsequent rows will be considered data rows. Table end is detected by the first empty row after data rows.

Reviewer 2: > Table end is detected by the first empty row after data rows.

I understand what you mean, but this line confusing me.

F.e. I have table:
Header 1 | Header 2
 --- | --- | 
cell 1 |  cell 2| 
&#65279; | &#65279; |
cell 3 | cell 4| 

When I read the doc, I can't understand where my data rows? Just 1 row (because 2nd row has empty values) or 3.

> The number of fields in the table is determined by number of columns in header row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of fields in the table is determined by number of columns in the header row.
```

 

#### Valid table:

Name | Phone
---  | --- |
Joe  | +1 800 900 20 30

One header row and one data row - table would be correctly imported to BigQuery.

#### Invalid table:

Name | Phone
---  | --- 
     |    

> In that case there is no data rows, so table won't be imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case there are no data rows, so the table won't be imported.
```

> In that case there is no data rows, so table won't be imported.

Reviewer 2: Did you test this case? Empty table should be imported (need check)

#### Table that would be parsed incorrectly:

Name | COUNT of transactions
 --- | --- | 
 Joe | 3
 Ashley | 1
 **Grand Total** | **4**

> It is simplest Pivot table. Here we have header row, but one of the data rows is aggregate row, that means that there would be aggregate row in imported BigQuery table, making data very hard to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple Pivot table. Here we have header row, but one of the data rows is an aggregate row, that means that the aggregate row would be imported to the BigQuery table, making its data very hard to use.
```

> >⚠️ We strongly advise against using Pivot tables as it's usually impossible to select range such that data would be correctly imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ We strongly advise against using Pivot tables, as it's usually impossible to select range in such a way that data would be correctly imported.
```

The screenshot above displays an example of a Google spreadsheet costs data import setup.
If column types are not specified, STRING type will be used by default.

#### Column types declaration
You can mark columns with one of the following BigQuery data types:
- STRING
- INTEGER
- FLOAT
- DATE
- DATETIME

If not specified explicitly all columns are considered to be STRING.
If it won't be possible to parse data in the cell as declared type, it would be set to NULL in BQ table.

> To refer to column use it's name as declared in header row of your table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To refer to a column, use it's name as declared in the header row of your table.
```

To save and enable the data source, click **Save**.
The **Disconnect** button is used to revoke the authorization data. The settings are saved.
You can enable or disable the data source at any time by using the switch on the top right.

### <a name="example"></a>Google Sheets data source setup example:
------
Imagine we have a Google Sheets table with call center data:
![](/img/datasources.googlesheets.2.png)

- For column "Call Id" we can use INTEGER type.
- For "Call nr" we can use STRING type.
- For "Call time" we can use DATETIME type.
- And for "Call date" column we can use DATE column type.

We would configure column types for that data the following way:

<img src="/img/datasources.googlesheets.3.png" style="width: 700px">

> Resulting BigQuery table schema would reflect chosen column types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting BigQuery table schema would reflect the chosen column types:
```
